♪ ♪
- ♪ Hee-hee! ♪
♪ Ow! ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ I said you wanna be
startin' somethin' ♪
♪ You got to be
♪ I said you wanna be
startin' somethin' ♪
♪ You got to be
- ♪ It's too high to get over ♪
- ♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
- ♪ You're too low to get under ♪
- ♪ You're stuck in the middle ♪
- ♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
- ♪ And the pain is thunder ♪
- ♪ It's too high to get over ♪
- ♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
- ♪ You're too low to get under ♪
- ♪ You're stuck in the middle ♪
- ♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
- ♪ And the pain is thunder ♪
♪ I took my baby
to the doctor ♪
♪ With a fever.
but nothin' he found ♪
♪ By the time
this hit the street ♪
♪ They said
she had a breakdown ♪
- ♪ Someone's always tryin' ♪
- ♪ Tryin' ♪
- ♪ To start my baby cryin' ♪
- ♪ Cryin' ♪
- ♪ Talkin'. squealin'. lyin' ♪
- ♪ Lyin' ♪
♪ Sayin' you just want
to be startin' somethin' ♪
♪ I said you wanna be
startin' somethin' ♪
♪ You got to be
♪ I said you wanna be
startin' somethin' ♪
♪ You got to be
startin' somethin'. ♪
♪ ♪
Michael! Michael! Michael!
Michael! Michael!
♪ ♪
Hey.
All right. watch that now.
- Get him.
- All right.
Mike.
Get back in line.
All right. Come on. now.
We're gonna take it
from the top.
And get it right this time.
One. two. three. four.
♪ Ooh... ♪
Stop!
Breathe together!
You got to feel it. You hear?
Take it from the top.
One. two. three. four.
♪ Ooh ♪
Michael.
I need you to look at me.
♪ Ooh ♪
- ♪ Fairy tales ♪
- ♪ Ooh ♪
Michael. eyes. Up here.
♪ Fairy tales ♪
♪ I don't enjoy ♪
- ♪ And wishful dreams ♪
- Michael.
I'm gonna need your eyeline.
At me.
♪ Are broken toys ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm a big boy now ♪
♪ Big boy ♪
♪ That's looking for ♪
♪ Big boy. ooh ♪
♪ Someone to love ♪
- ♪ Oh. yeah ♪
- ♪ Ooh ♪
- ♪ Ooh... ♪
- All right. I think that's good.
All right. all right. all
right. all right. all right.
Y'all did all right.
It's gonna feel better
when you get it right.
♪ ♪
♪ Oh. how happy ♪
♪ You have made me ♪
♪ I have kissed your lips... ♪
Eat your food. please.
Stop.
Mikey. why are you playing
with your food?
You need to stop
playing with it.
Come on.
You know he never eats.
- Shut up. La Toya.
- You shut up.
I was not talking to you.
- Look. I made a face.
- I see. baby.
- but you need to eat.
- Wow. that's a real work of art.
All right. now. listen up. boys.
I know you would
never let me down.
And I...
I think you're ready.
So. I've booked us a few gigs.
We start in Illinois tomorrow.
Two shows a night.
Wait. wait. Joseph...
we don't need
to work them that hard.
Work? They don't know
the first thing about work.
I understand that.
but they have school.
Let me tell you something.
In this life.
you're either a winner
or you're a loser.
You hear me?
Y'all some poor Black kids
from Gary. Indiana.
Shit. ain't nothin'
gonna be handed to you.
But you got to fight for it.
Y'all want to work
in the steel mill like me
- for the rest of your days?
- No. sir.
Yeah. 'cause
I sure as hell don't.
Unless you work harder...
harder than anyone else.
this is your life.
Y'all willing to fight for it?
- Yes. sir.
- I need to hear you a little louder.
Y'all willing to fight for it?
Yes. sir.
Now. I want you to reach out.
like you're about to touch
that wall. but not quite.
Like this. all right.
Reach out. Come on.
But don't touch it.
All right. Good.
That's it.
Keep your arms up.
Now. I want you
to look at that wall.
All right.
Close your eyes.
We're gonna
reach out together...
as one.
As a family.
No more Jackie...
Tito...
Jermaine...
Marlon...
and Michael.
From now on...
you're the Jackson 5.
- ♪ Now when I look at you ♪
- ♪ Ooh ♪
♪ All my love come
running through ♪
♪ You've changed
and it's showing ♪
- ♪ My love for you is growing ♪
- ♪ My love. my love ♪
♪ My love is growing ♪
♪ You've changed
and it's showing ♪
Ooh.
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah.
yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Your looks ♪
♪ Ooh. my honey sugar ♪
♪ Your eyes ♪
♪ Ooh. now you hypnotize. ♪
All right. Michael.
Tito. you were amazing.
- Hi. boys.
- That was crazy.
- Hey. Mother.
- Hi. Mother.
Why don't you wash your hands
and get your nightclothes on?
- It's getting late.
- Hold up. No. no. no.
No. No. no. no. no. no. no.
Set up your instruments.
Come on.
They have school in the
morning. What do you mean?
Ain't no time for no
nighty night and sweet dreams.
We need to rehearse so
we can get it right. Come on.
Come on. Set them up.
- Come on.
- Why? We're tired.
- And-And we did good.
- Mikey. it's-it's fine.
You tired?
And you think you did good?
Is that right. Michael?
Yes. Joseph.
We did good.
Michael. come over here.
Come here.
You lookin' at me like
I ain't talking to you?
Boy. you come over here
when I call!
What?
My opinion don't matter
around here... boy?
- Joseph. stop it.
- You gonna mind me. boy!
Ow!
Ow.
We'll rehearse
till you get it right.
In this life.
you're either a winner...
- Or a loser.
- That's right.
You gonna cry? Go on and cry.
Go on. big nose.
Set it up.
Michael. it's Mother.
"Old foes
slowly circle each other
"for a long moment.
"Neither spoke.
"Captain Hook met his fate
in the jaws of his old enemy.
"the Crocodile.
Neverland was finally free."
Five. six.
five. six. seven. eight.
Michael. keep your eyes
right here.
- Michael. right here.
- ♪ Stand ♪
♪ In the end
you'll still be you ♪
♪ One that's done
all the things ♪
♪ You set out to do ♪
♪ Stand ♪
♪ There's a cross
for you to bear ♪
♪ Things to go through
if you're going anywhere ♪
♪ Everybody say stand ♪
♪ For the things
you know are right ♪
♪ It's the truth
that the truth ♪
♪ Makes them uptight ♪
♪ Stand ♪
♪ All the things
you want are real ♪
♪ It's just you to complete ♪
♪ And there is no deal ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah... ♪
Try it. Marlon.
Sharp. That's it.
Get those arms up.
♪ Stand ♪
That's the audience.
Right here. right here.
♪ Stand ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Stand ♪
♪ They will try
to make you crawl ♪
♪ And they know what they're
saying makes no sense at all ♪
♪ Stand ♪
♪ Don't you know
that you are free? ♪
♪ Well. at least in your mind
if you want to be ♪
♪ Everybody say ♪
♪ Huh! Hah! ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah
yeah. yeah. huh! ♪
♪ Hah! ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah... ♪
That's it.
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Ooh! ♪
♪ Losing you would end my life ♪
- ♪ You see ♪
- ♪ Oh ♪
♪ Because you mean
that much to me ♪
♪ You could have
told me yourself ♪
♪ That you love somebody else ♪
♪ Instead. I heard it
through the grapevine ♪
- ♪ Oh. I heard it through
the grapevine ♪ - ♪ Oh ♪
♪ Not much longer
would you be mine ♪
♪ Don't you know
that I heard it ♪
♪ Yes. I heard it. oh ♪
♪ Just about. just about. just
about to lose my mind. oh. ♪
Thank you so much.
We gonna get ready
to take a little break.
so. I want to introduce you all
to some handsome young fellas.
Now. ladies. don't let them
break your heart.
Ladies and gentlemen.
let's give it up
for the Jackson 5!
- Hi. boys.
- Hi.
He's adorable.
Come on. Come on.
come on. come on.
♪ Ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Never can say goodbye ♪
♪ Never can say goodbye. girl ♪
♪ No. no. no. I ♪
♪ Never can say goodbye ♪
♪ Never can say goodbye. girl ♪
♪ Even though
the pain and heartache ♪
♪ Seems to follow me
wherever I go ♪
♪ Though I try and try
to hide my feelings ♪
♪ They always seem to show ♪
♪ Then you try to say
you're leaving me ♪
♪ And I always have to say no ♪
- ♪ Tell me why ♪
- ♪ Tell me why... ♪
You like my boys?
Are you their manager?
Joseph Jackson.
Suzanne de Passe from Motown.
Motown?
♪ Every time
I think I've had enough ♪
♪ I start heading
for the door ♪
♪ There's a very
strange vibration... ♪
That's God-given talent
right there.
Perfect pitch.
Perfect pitch?
- We ain't there yet.
- ♪ Tell me why ♪
♪ Tell me why ♪
♪ Is it so... ♪
The things he could do
with that voice.
♪ I never can say
goodbye. girl ♪
♪ I never can
say goodbye. girl ♪
♪ Oh. no. no ♪
- ♪ Hey. baby ♪
- ♪ Never can say goodbye ♪
♪ No. no. no. no. no. no... ♪
I'll be in touch. Mr. Jackson.
♪ I never can say
goodbye. girl ♪
♪ I'm never gonna
say goodbye. baby ♪
♪ I never can say
goodbye. girl. yeah ♪
♪ I'm never gonna say ♪
♪ No. no. no. no. no. no ♪
♪ No. no. no. no. no. no. ♪
♪ The best things in life
are free ♪
♪ But you can give them
to the birds and bees ♪
- ♪ I need money ♪
- ♪ That's what I want ♪
- ♪ That's... ♪
- All right. boys. look alive.
- Hi. Mr. Gordy.
- Mr. Gordy's here.
- Suzanne.
Boys. good to see you again.
Y'all been learning
the song we gave you?
- Practicing night and day.
- We'll start with Michael.
♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪ Let me tell you now ♪
♪ When I had you to myself ♪
♪ I didn't want you around ♪
Michael. um.
you're moving too much.
All right. here we go.
♪ Uh-huh. huh. huh. huh ♪
Uh. Michael. you're doing it again.
Take a step closer
to the microphone.
That's it. And I'm gonna need
you to keep your feet still.
You understand me?
Give me the same lead-up.
Here we go.
♪ Uh-huh. huh. huh. huh ♪
♪ Let me tell you now ♪
♪ Huh. huh ♪
♪ When I had you to myself
I didn't want you around ♪
♪ Those pretty faces
always made you ♪
- Let me talk to him.
- ♪ Stand out in a crowd... ♪
- No. he's just getting it.
- I just need five minutes.
Say. Joseph. why don't you worry
about keeping the boys
on schedule. huh?
We got this over here.
♪ For me
to take a second look ♪
♪ Oh. baby.
give me one more chance ♪
♪ To show you that I love you ♪
♪ Won't you please
let me back in your heart? ♪
♪ Oh. darling. I was blind... ♪
What did I tell you?
♪ But now. since I see you
in his arms... ♪
♪ When ♪
♪ I ♪
♪ Had you ♪
♪ I treated you bad ♪
♪ And wrong. my dear ♪
♪ And. girl. since ♪
♪ Since you went away ♪
♪ Don't you know I sit around ♪
♪ With my head hanging down ♪
♪ And I wonder ♪
♪ Who's loving you ♪
♪ I. I. I. I... ♪
Let me tell you something. son.
I've been doing this
a long time.
I've never heard a voice
quite like yours.
You sang that song
better than Smokey himself.
Really?
You're special.
You have something to say.
That's rare. Michael.
Yeah. this is
the fader. Come on. try it.
Here. this fader
goes up and down
-and it sets the levels
-Wow.
To the volume.
It can make your voice
sound... louder...
or softer.
- All right?
- Yeah.
And these knobs up here.
that's for your EQ.
What's EQ?
Equalization.
You see. when we record.
we split things up
in tracks. right?
Excuse me. uh.
time to go. Michael.
Mr. Gordy's a very busy man.
I'm sure you've taken up
enough of his time.
♪ Back in
your heart? Oh. darlin'... ♪
Go ahead on. Michael.
I can show you this stuff
some other time. right?
- Okay. Mr. Gordy. Thank you.
- All right. Mm-hmm.
♪ In his arms. uh-huh ♪
Hey. Michael.
You can ask me anything...
anytime you want.
♪ All I want ♪
♪ All I need... ♪
♪ A. B. C ♪
- ♪ Easy as one. two. three ♪
- ♪ One. two. three ♪
- ♪ Or simple as do-re-mi ♪
- ♪ Do-re-mi ♪
♪ A. B. C. one. two. three ♪
- ♪ Baby. you and me. girl ♪
- ♪ You and me ♪
- ♪ A. B. C ♪
- ♪ Easy as ♪
♪ One. two. three ♪
- ♪ Or simple as do-re-mi ♪
- ♪ Do-re-mi ♪
♪ A. B. C. one. two. three ♪
- ♪ Baby. you and me. girl ♪
- ♪ You and me ♪
♪ Come on. let me love you
just a little bit... ♪
All right. so. how old are you?
Ten.
No. you're not ten.
You're eight.
♪ Come on. come on. come on ♪
♪ Let me show you
what it's all about ♪
♪ Reading. writing.
'rithmetic... ♪
In this business. you can
make up just about anything.
especially your age.
♪ Your education
ain't complete ♪
♪ T-T-T.
teacher's gonna show you ♪
♪ Show you. show you ♪
♪ How to get an "A" ♪
♪ You add the two ♪
♪ Listen to me. baby.
that's all you got to do ♪
- ♪ Oh. A. B. C ♪
- ♪ A. B. C ♪
♪ It's easy as ♪
♪ One. two. three ♪
♪ Or simple as do-re-mi ♪
♪ A. B. C. one. two. three ♪
- ♪ Baby. you and me. girl ♪
- ♪ You and me... ♪
Michael.
Michael. How old are you?
- ♪ Sing a simple melody ♪
- ♪ Do-re-mi ♪
♪ A. B. C. that's how easy... ♪
I'm. uh. I'm eight. sir.
♪ That's how easy love can be ♪
- ♪ Sing a simple melody ♪
- ♪ That's how easy love can be ♪
♪ Sit down. girl ♪
♪ I think I love ya ♪
♪ No. get up. girl ♪
♪ Show me what you can do ♪
♪ Shake it. shake it. baby ♪
♪ Come on now.
shake it. shake it. baby ♪
♪ Huh ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh. A. B. C. baby ♪
♪ Nah. nah. do-re-mi.
baby. ow! ♪
And I've been reading
about the Serengeti.
Learning about all different
types of lions. tigers.
monkeys. giraffes.
One day. you and I will have
more friends to play with.
Wouldn't that be fun?
Look at this picture.
You like it?
Come on. Michael.
Joseph wants you.
And make sure you put your rat
in the cage this time.
It's disgusting.
Come on now.
Meet Bill Bray.
He's your new
head of security. all right?
Now. he's gonna be around a lot.
Make sure you mind him.
Nice to meet you. Mr. Bray.
It's very nice to meet you.
too. young man.
You can call me Bill. okay?
Okay. Bill.
All right.
Guard him with your life.
Michael.
You're missing the best part.
♪ ♪
And llamas have three stomachs.
so they can digest their food
because all they eat
is vegetables.
And they're really smart.
very intelligent creatures.
And best of all. they never ever bite.
That's what you said
about the rats.
No. really. Llamas never bite.
They only spit
when they're agitated.
So. you want me to bring
some spitting.
agitated animal into my house?
He'll live outside.
Come on. please.
- Please say yes.
- No.
- I'll look after him.
- Absolutely not. Michael.
Mother has enough things
to worry about.
And you don't need another pet.
They're not my pets.
They're my friends.
Well...
I do understand that.
But don't you want
to meet real friends.
like. kids your own age?
I would like that for you.
I do sometimes. but
I'm not like the other kids.
They don't treat me
like a real person.
And all they want to do is stare
and take pictures of me.
You look at me. Michael.
I knew you were different
the moment you were born.
from your brothers.
and that's okay.
You have a very special light.
And you know what Jehovah says.
He says. "Let your light shine
unto the world."
Now. you let your light shine.
Do you understand me?
Yeah.
Don't you ever let anyone
take that away from you.
Not even yourself.
Come here.
The next song we're gonna do
is one of our favorites.
You guys ready?
♪ ♪
♪ You and I must make a pact ♪
♪ We must
bring salvation back ♪
♪ Where there is love ♪
- ♪ I'll be there ♪
♪ Oh. oh. yeah ♪
♪ I'll be there
to protect you ♪
♪ Yeah. baby ♪
♪ With an unselfish love ♪
♪ That respects you ♪
Michael!
♪ Just call my name ♪
♪ And I'll be there ♪
♪ And. oh ♪
♪ I'll be there
to comfort you ♪
♪ Build my world of dreams
around you ♪
♪ I'm so glad
that I found you. baby ♪
♪ I'll be there
with a love that's strong ♪
♪ I'll be your strength ♪
♪ I'll keep holding on ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
- ♪ Yes. I will ♪
- ♪ If you should ever find ♪
♪ Someone new ♪
♪ I know he better be
good to you ♪
♪ 'Cause if he doesn't then ♪
- ♪ I'll be there ♪
♪ Don't you know. baby.
yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I'll be there ♪
♪ I'll be there... ♪
Shedding the past.
embracing freedom...
That's your album
right there. brother.
That's what people want.
Pure escapism. Quincy.
- That's it.
- Yeah.
So...
how are you gonna tell your
father about a solo album?
Breaking away from the family...
he's not gonna like that.
I'm not a kid anymore. Q.
I'm gonna look him
straight in the eye.
Tell him to his face.
I need you to tell my father
that the solo album
was your idea.
Okay.
I'm gonna have a drink.
Michael. we love you
doing a solo album.
Honestly. that's why
we signed you all to Epic.
No disrespect to your family.
but...
this is what we were hoping for.
Great. I just...
I think it'll be better
coming from you guys.
Anything we can do
to help. Michael.
So. tell us about the album.
Okay. Well. this album.
it's really important to me.
I just... I need the freedom
to write the music and lyrics
that pop into my head.
You know.
to express myself creatively.
I want a whole new sound.
a whole new me.
Quincy Jones producing.
Rod Temperton. he's
working on songs right now.
It sounds terrific. Michael.
Consider it done.
So. we feel like
Michael doing a solo album
would be really great
for the label and.
more importantly.
for the Jackson brand.
They could help each other
with PR and merchandising
and feed each other. you know?
"Feed." Sure.
So. I guess
you're okay with all this.
Of course. gentlemen.
Whatever's good for Michael
is great for me.
And if there's anything
you need. don't hesitate to...
Only thing is...
Michael can do whatever
he wants in his spare time.
so long as he continues
to work with his brothers.
His... I'm sorry?
I own his ass
from 9:00 to 5:00.
After that. it's up to him.
If he wants to cut an album
at midnight. so fine with me.
As long as he's at that
microphone at 9:00 a.m. sharp.
That's what works around here.
My house.
Understood.
I appreciate you gentlemen
stopping by.
Shows respect.
- Our pleasure. Joe.
- Yeah.
I'm so excited to
start recording with Q tonight.
I wish you could come.
I'm a little nervous.
but more excited.
Definitely more excited.
I just have all
these ideas in my head
just constantly flowing.
I just got to get them out.
You know?
You get some sleep. Louie.
I'll be back in the morning.
I'll tell you all about it.
Are you ready. Joker? Yeah.
Let's hit it.
- You want me to drive?
- Not this time. Joker.
- You sure about that?
- Next time.
I'd rather let Louie drive.
Well. take your time.
Settle in.
No rush.
And. uh...
keep these feet still.
Oh. Q. Can you do me a favor
and lower the lights
for me. please?
Just a little bit.
Thanks.
You are confident.
You're strong.
You are beautiful.
You are the greatest
of all time.
Michael. you ready?
♪ I'm melting ♪
♪ Like hot candle wax ♪
♪ Sensation ♪
♪ Lovely where we're at ♪
♪ Ooh! ♪
♪ So let love ♪
♪ Take us through the hours ♪
♪ I won't be complaining.
ah. uh ♪
♪ 'Cause this is
love power. ooh ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on with
the force. don't ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Ooh! ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
♪ Heartbreak ♪
♪ Enemy despise ♪
♪ Eternal ♪
♪ Oh. eternal ♪
♪ Love shines in my eyes ♪
- Yeah.
- ♪ Ooh ♪
♪ So let love ♪
♪ Oh. let love ♪
♪ Take us through the hours ♪
♪ I won't be complaining ♪
♪ No. no ♪
♪ 'Cause your love is
all right. all right. oh ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Lovely ♪
♪ Is the feeling now ♪
♪ I won't be complaining ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh ♪
♪ The force is love power ♪
♪ Keep on with the force. don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop. darling ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
- ♪ Don't play. baby ♪
- ♪ Don't stop till you get enough ♪
- ♪ Keep on with the force ♪
- ♪ Keep on ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on. darling ♪
♪ All right. yeah ♪
♪ Keep on ♪
Mmm. Thank you.
Oh!
♪ Tweedily deedily dee.
tweedily deedily dee ♪
- ♪ Tweedily deedily dee... ♪
- It's almost here. Hurry up!
♪ Tweedily deedily dee.
tweedily deedily dee... ♪
- What does he have going on?
- What is it this time?
It's a surprise.
Well. is it a car? Did you get
a damn Ferrari. Mike?
- Mike. I'm going back to bed.
- Marlon. Tito.
- don't wake your father up.
- ♪ All the little birds ♪
♪ On Jaybird Street
love to hear the robin ♪
- ♪ Go tweet. tweet. tweet ♪
- La Toya.
♪ Rockin' robin... ♪
- Do you know about this?
- What's going on?
♪ Rockin' robin ♪
♪ Blow. rockin' robin.
'cause we're really gonna ♪
♪ Rock tonight ♪
What you got going on. Mike?
You'll see.
♪ The wise old owl.
the big black crow ♪
♪ Flappin' their wings singin'.
"Go. bird. go"... ♪
♪ ♪
Oh. wow.
Go on.
It's okay.
No. it's okay.
I want you to meet
my new friend. Bubbles.
Oh.
I rescued him
from this awful place.
You know. where they do
testing on animals.
Welcome to the family.
Michael. you do know
that chimps are wild animals
that don't belong
in a house in Encino.
Mother. I'll take
good care of him.
I will. I promise.
Does he bite?
Oh. no. No. he's sweet.
But. you know. chimps...
are sensitive. though. you know.
to certain sounds
and-and people.
You know. they either hide
or they attack.
♪ ♪
It's okay. Bubbles. It's okay.
You're safe now.
You want to make
some music. huh?
That's me.
I just released my new album.
Those are my demos.
Don't mess that up.
Here. I want to show you this.
Look.
See?
This is Neverland.
I come here all the time.
It's filled with magic.
adventure.
pirates.
Here. I'll help you.
Look. the Lost Boys.
This is my favorite page.
It's Peter Pan.
And his shadow.
♪ ♪
So. Michael.
Surgeries. Have you had
any surgeries
- in the past five years?
- Mm-mm.
What about medications?
Are you taking any?
No. ma'am.
Just Benoquin cream
for my vitiligo.
Oh. I'm sorry.
You know. it's much more
common than people think.
Has it spread?
- A little bit.
- Yeah?
Yeah. But. you know. the cream.
it helps even out my skin tone.
Oh. I see. yeah.
Michael. good to see you again.
We're almost ready for you.
Any. uh...
Any last questions?
Oh. no. I'm ready.
All right. I need to make
a few marks around the nose.
You know. you're a pretty
good-looking kid.
You sure you want to do this?
I'm not a kid anymore.
And my nose is... it's too big.
Hmm. I'm not sure that's true.
Well. you see.
my face isn't symmetrical
for the photographs and all.
I have to be perfect.
Well. you're the boss.
Just relax.
Hey!
What's going on. son?
Son?
Michael?
Boy. come here.
What?
What in the world?
Let me see something.
Hey.
Oh. my God.
Michael.
It's for my sinuses.
♪ ♪
♪ I guess I'll always be
a dreamer ♪
♪ Dreaming my life away... ♪
♪ Dreaming my life away ♪
♪ And nothing comes but sleep ♪
♪ To a dreamer ♪
♪ And when you wake up ♪
♪ The dream is gone away... ♪
Maybe I should get a nose job.
- You think so?
- Yes. I do.
Muscles says.
"Everybody does it."
- Mm-hmm.
- All the big stars.
All our favorite ones.
Well. it looks great.
- You really think so?
- I do.
- See. I wanted a new look.
- Oh. yeah?
- Reinvent myself.
- Mm-hmm.
You know. now that I'm doing
my own thing and...
I want the world
to see me differently.
Not a boy in a kid band anymore.
Yeah.
Look around. Michael.
your fans love you.
They're not my fans.
They're part of my family.
It's just time for me to start
taking control
of my own destiny.
Mm-hmm.
You know?
I want to be who I want to be.
Mikey.
Joseph just called a meeting.
Careful. he's hungry.
How hungry?
He's pretty hungry.
For. like. a mouse?
Maybe.
There he is! Man of the hour!
Man of the hour.
Go on. sit down. Sit down.
Ah. Now...
you all real happy
about Michael's success.
That's lovely to see.
It's heartwarming.
I mean. he can go all the way.
right to the top.
All by himself.
Wouldn't that be something?
Oh. man.
Let me tell you.
the Jackson family
is the brand.
That's our Coca-Cola.
Yeah. So we need
to open up the store
and start selling.
Or you know what's gonna happen?
Folks are gonna go out there
and start buying some Pepsi.
We got to get in there again
and vend the wares.
So. I've decided...
I'm arranging a tour
and a live album.
Wait. how are we gonna tour
without Jermaine?
Your brother made his choice
when we left Motown.
and he stayed.
Let him live with it.
The point is. we need to
capitalize on Michael's album.
So. we gonna do
a bunch of songs...
Joseph. I...
I... I need to think.
No. sir.
I told you what to think.
You got a problem
with that. Michael?
We need to have
a reasonable conversation
about this. Joseph.
You think now
because you're a big
superstar and you have
this big hit album
that you're better
than everybody in this house?
Is that it?
You better than your brothers?
Your mother and me?
Is that it?
You need to think.
You think you're better
than me. boy?
Joseph. that is enough.
Is that it. Michael? Huh?
- Is that it?
- That is enough!
- ♪ You better stop ♪
- Katherine. sit down.
♪ Your... ♪
♪ Dog... ♪
Let's go.
♪ ...gin'. ...gin' around ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ 'Cause if you
don't stop. I'm... ♪
Where do you want to go?
- Just drive.
- ♪ Gonna ♪
♪ Have to put you down ♪
♪ Bah. bah. bah. bah.
bah. bah. bah ♪
♪ I can't take it ♪
♪ Bah. bah. bah. bah ♪
♪ Much longer ♪
- ♪ My heart's getting weak ♪
- I love you. Michael!
♪ Bah. bah. bah. bah ♪
♪ It's not getting
any stronger ♪
♪ Bah. bah. bah. bah ♪
♪ You keep me so upset ♪
♪ My head's in a whirl ♪
♪ Bah. bah. bah. bah ♪
♪ But if you want to be. yeah ♪
♪ Be my girl ♪
♪ You better stop ♪
♪ Your ♪
♪ Dog... gin' around ♪
♪ You know what
I'm talkin' 'bout. yeah ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ If you don't stop.
I'm gonna... ♪
I'm so sick of it.
Bill. All of it.
Joseph's exploiting me.
I had a whole plan.
Track list. the visuals.
I wanted to do a solo tour.
He's just...
he's just ruining it all.
I need my freedom.
Well...
You can move out.
I'm not ready for that.
It's not that easy.
Life's not easy. son.
I'll tell you.
I love my family.
I do.
I just want to do my own thing.
Joseph's never gonna change.
Only thing he cares about
is the Jackson family.
Huh?
And no matter what you do.
he's only ever gonna see it
as a family success.
Get your own team.
Get you a good lawyer.
Think about it.
♪ Ben.
the two of us need look ♪
♪ No more ♪
♪ We both found what we were ♪
♪ Looking for ♪
♪ With a friend
to call my own ♪
♪ I'll never be alone ♪
♪ And you.
my friend. will see ♪
♪ You've got a friend in me ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Ben. you're always running ♪
♪ Here and there ♪
♪ You feel you're not wanted ♪
♪ Anywhere ♪
♪ If you ever look behind ♪
♪ And don't like
what you find ♪
♪ There's something ♪
♪ You should know ♪
♪ You've got a place to go ♪
♪ Like Ben. ♪
♪ ♪
So. we appreciate you coming in
and we applaud your decision
to seek independent counsel.
We can assure you the most
comprehensive attention
to your entire media portfolio.
At Hardee. Barovick. we believe
in treating our clients
as family
- and we want you to...
- I already have a family.
Too much of one.
I mean. the whole point's
going solo. right?
So. that means
you're probably gonna
break a few hearts
over there in Encino.
Unless I'm missing something.
- Do I know you?
- No. I don't think so.
You sure?
Yeah. I think I'd remember.
Who are you?
John Branca.
- You handle The Beach Boys.
- Yeah. I do.
Neil Diamond. Bob Dylan.
couple other guys.
and now I work here.
I like The Beach Boys.
Me. too.
Brian Wilson's a genius.
Some of the best harmonies
in rock and roll.
You know what
I'm after. Mr. Branca?
Sure.
You want to be
the biggest star in the world.
Can you help make that happen?
Yes.
How?
Because I believe
there's no one like you.
And there never will be.
Mr. Jackson...
Mr. Jackson.
- I apologize...
- He's my guy.
Can you leave us alone
for a second?
Please.
Of course.
Yes.
Okay. Mr. Branca.
Here's your first job.
I need you to fire Joseph.
Your dad?
You want me to fire your dad?
And how would you
like me to do that?
Quickly.
♪ ♪
- Yes.
- I think it goes...
Button it up like this.
- Oh. right.
- Yeah.
La Toya. get the hell on
out of here.
Kate. look at this.
Will you look at this?
The boy fired me
with a piece of paper.
A piece of... Couldn't
even be man-to-man. huh?
Look me in the eye and do it.
That boy's gonna feel my belt
when he get in here!
No. he's not.
- Yes. the hell he is.
- No. he's not.
What are you gonna do. beat him?
You gonna whup him?
He's grown.
What'd you say to me?
I said you can't do it no more.
You can't whup nobody.
You can't beat nobody.
And if you don't like it.
you can leave.
And the next time
you see your son.
you ought to thank him.
Everything we have
is because of him
and don't you ever forget that.
Everybody seems to forget
that I'm the one
that got us out of Gary.
And everything I've done
is for this family.
You go on ahead
and keep thinking that.
♪ Enjoy yourself.
enjoy yourself ♪
♪ Enjoy yourself with me ♪
♪ Enjoy yourself.
enjoy yourself ♪
♪ Enjoy yourself with me ♪
♪ You better enjoy yourself ♪
You didn't go down this side.
- Left. - Where? This?
Left? Going left. All right.
♪ While people are dancin' ♪
- ♪ Dancin' all over the place ♪
- A little choo choo train.
- I love it.
- ♪ But you shouldn't worry ♪
- ♪ About things you can't control ♪
- Hi.
♪ Come on. girl.
while the night is young... ♪
Yeah. So. I'm really excited.
This looks really cool.
That's you.
I can't wait
to start playing it.
That's Michael Jackson.
- What?
- It's Michael Jackson.
What?!
Please excuse him.
Are-Are you. um.
are you actually. really...
Yeah. I'm Michael. yeah.
- Wow.
- Mom. it's...
I wonder...
I'd love an autograph.
For my son. I mean.
- Honey?
- Of course. yeah. Um...
He's a huge fan.
Here.
How about I sign this?
What's your name?
Uh. you can just
make it out to Pauline.
Mom?
- Pauline.
- Mom. Mom.
Mom. my name's Max. not Pauline.
I'm-I'm not Pauline.
Is that the new Atari game?
- I love that.
- You've played it?
Oh. yeah. all the time.
Just be sure to keep
toggling left when you fire.
That's how you power up.
- Cool. Thank you.
- Of course.
Hi.
- Would you like an autograph?
- Yes. please.
- What's your name?
- Anika.
Anika. That's a pretty name.
- What do you say. baby?
- Thank you.
We're huge fans.
Thank you so much.
- ♪ Enjoy yourself ♪
- ♪ Let's get on down ♪
- Thanks.
Hey. everybody. Too cute.
Over here. over here.
Get open.
Here. here. I got it.
- Hey.
- Hey. Mikey.
- What's up. Mikey?
- All right. jokers.
What's up. Bill?
- Ah!
- Too short.
Guys. look!
I got Twister.
- Twister?
- You want to play tonight?
- Michael. Twister?
- Really?
What we gonna do
with Twister. man?
Come on.
It'll be like the old days.
Would love to. Mike.
but I got to be home
with the family.
I can't be playing games.
And the rest of us
are going out tonight.
- Yeah. Marlon's got a hot date.
- Yeah.
Marlon. what time
are you gonna be home?
We could play then.
Hey. Marlon's gonna be playing
his own game of Twister.
Shut up. Jackie.
I'm always lucky.
Yeah. right.
You guys are no fun anymore.
Come on. Mike.
Don't be like that.
Hey. that's cheating.
You got red. not green.
♪ My baby's always dancin'
and it wouldn't be a bad thing ♪
♪ But I don't get
no lovin'... ♪
It's okay.
Don't worry about it.
It takes a long time to learn
and I'm a professional dancer.
You want some ice cream?
♪ Don't blame it
on the sunshine... ♪
Okay. but then
I've got to go to work.
Don't break anything.
I'll be back.
♪ Don't blame it
on the sunshine ♪
♪ Don't blame it on the moonlight ♪
♪ Don't blame it
on the good times ♪
♪ Blame it on the boogie.
whoo... ♪
♪ ♪
I was thinking
about framing this.
Read it.
Go on. Read it.
Firing your own father.
What kind of son does that?
Michael...
You got a lot to learn
about family.
♪ Stop. na. na. na ♪
♪ You'd better save it ♪
♪ Stop. stop. stop.
you'd better save it ♪
♪ Whoo... ♪
- Hi. Welcome back. Michael.
- Hi.
Beautiful name.
Look up for us.
♪ When we played tag
in grade school ♪
♪ You wanted to be it ♪
This is for you.
♪ But chasing boys
was just a fad ♪
♪ You crossed your heart
you'd quit ♪
♪ When we grew up you traded ♪
♪ Your promise for my ring ♪
Michael. over here.
♪ You're doing
the same old thing... ♪
You want to say that again.
transistor face?
You watch TV?
Yeah. Sometimes.
Yeah.
Cartoons.
Three Stoogesa lot.
Charlie Chaplin.
You know who he is?
- Duh.
- No. you don't.
You're such a doo-doo head.
He's wonderful. really.
He's an actor.
he's a movie director...
and he writes songs.
I have a dog.
It's a dachshund.
Mm.
What's his name?
Rudy.
He's getting fat.
My mom says I feed him too much.
I love Rudy.
Do you have any pets?
Uh...
a snake and a giraffe.
No way.
And a llama.
And three parrots. two spiders.
and a whole lot of dogs.
It's got to be
the greatest-selling album
of all time.
And not just by a Black artist
but by any race.
any color. okay?
Then I want the-the largest
concert tour there ever was.
Just stadiums only.
Just thousands
and thousands of people
just rushing into the stadiums
and just all over the world.
I also want to make short films
featuring my music.
That's ambitious.
I can see it.
You see it. You can do it.
And I-I see it so clearly.
Well. Walter Yetnikoff called.
CBS wants to do a press release.
No. No. no press.
no. no interviews. no nothing.
He's not gonna like that.
You got to handle that. Branca.
You see...
I want to be mysterious.
Like-like Garbo.
You know. like. uh...
I mean. if Halley's Comet
came every year.
just year after year.
would you look at it?
You're gonna need publicity.
What I'm gonna need is
a good record that sells.
- Nothing else matters.
- Fair enough.
Then I suggest you start
laying down some killer demos.
Can you do that?
Of course. I can do that.
What are you doing. Mike?
I'm channeling.
I'm letting the Creator
give me a song right now.
But if I'm not here
to receive these ideas.
God might give them to Prince.
You're ticking me off. man.
Tito.
♪ There ain't no reason. hah.
for you to be sad. yeah ♪
- ♪ I know things can't be ♪
- Hello.
♪ They can't be that bad ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ With a smile on your face ♪
♪ Smile on your face ♪
♪ With the love in your eyes ♪
♪ Love in your eyes ♪
- ♪ I know you'll feel better ♪
- ♪ Oh ♪
♪ You can only try ♪
- ♪ Try to think ♪
- ♪ Happy ♪
♪ Happy. happy ♪
♪ That's the only way to be. ♪
Yeah.
♪ Sing it to the world ♪
♪ Sing it all night long ♪
Almost all
of the gunfire and death
over drugs and territory
involves rival gangs.
Ryan Chavez reports
from Los Angeles.
A best friend killed
by a rival gang member.
Another killed at a drive-by
shooting in Sacramento.
because he wore the wrong color.
Those who wear blue
call themselves the Crips.
the Bloods wear red.
Some. like Smokey.
survive attacks.
though paralyzed.
People dyin' over nothing. man.
Over a neighborhood.
Yet. the city remains filled
with warring soldiers.
It's easy to Crip to me.
Something y'all don't do.
y'all don't watch out...
You wouldn't die for him.
would you?
You're saying that now on TV.
but you wouldn't die
for him for real.
Yeah. I'd die for my homeboy.
But as-as time went on.
I started to get too deep
in the drugs.
so I started getting
in trouble on the streets.
So. I thought to myself.
"You know.
it was either this or death."
Ryan Chavez
reporting from Los Angeles.
♪ ♪
Hmm.
Hello?
Hey. Bill. it's me.
Hey. Joker. What's up?
Well. I need some help
and was hoping
you could pull some favors.
Okay. they're all at the studio.
But they're only there
because of you.
I can't believe
you're doing this.
Music will bring
people together. Bill.
That's the point.
And if things work out.
I have a big idea.
♪ ♪
♪ California
knows how to party ♪
♪ In the city of L.A. ♪
What the hell is that?
♪ In the city
of good old Watts ♪
♪ In the city.
city of Compton ♪
♪ They're poplocking ♪
Okay. Pete.
♪ Dance. dance. disco style ♪
♪ It's all on
the West Coast... ♪
Hold up. That's Michael.
Michael Jackson.
- Oh. shit.
- You really came.
- He actually came.
- That was juicy right there.
What was that?
This dance is called
Popping. man.
Whoo!
Hey. and this...
- That's called the C-Walk. cuz.
- Yeah. hey.
Hey. can I get an autograph?
- Whatever. cuz. Look.
it's for my sister. - Man!
- Come on.
- No. yeah. of course.
Afterwards. I'll sign
autographs for everybody.
For sure.
Look. I know this isn't easy
for you guys.
So I just want to thank
everybody for coming.
It's really important to me.
You see. I think music and dance
is what we all have in common.
That's a universal language.
And we can change the world.
- I believe that.
- Word.
Sounds good.
Let's work on that together.
Bam. Bam. Bam. Yep.
Bam. Bam. Bam.
Keep going.
Yeah. let's...
let's work on that part.
Right now. let's just forget
about the arms.
It... shouldn't be too forced.
It's natural. It's a flow.
All together.
Ooh.
See?
- It's in unison. you know.
- Yes.
Think of. uh...
a school of fish.
You all move together.
- You know what I mean?
- Yeah. Sure.
I'm gonna try something.
Just got an idea.
Bill. can you bring
my jacket. please?
I want to try something
while we...
travel down this ways.
The jacket...
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Let's do it again.
I'm gonna break out
and do something
but continue with that...
with that flow.
Ooh.
Yeah. I like it.
- All day.
- Yeah. Yeah.
What do you guys think?
- That was tight. bro.
- Yeah. that's it.
Feels good?
All right.
I want to try it with music now.
Yeah.
In fact. I want to put you all
in my short film.
Yo.
Yeah!
Let's crank it up. please.
I want to feel it.
♪ Beat it. beat it ♪
♪ Showin' how funky
and strong is your fight ♪
♪ It doesn't matter
who's wrong or right ♪
- ♪ Just beat it ♪
- ♪ Beat it ♪
♪ No one wants to be defeated ♪
♪ Showin' how funky
and strong is your fight ♪
♪ It doesn't matter
who's wrong or right ♪
♪ Just beat it. beat it.
beat it. beat it ♪
-You know. CBS wants you
-♪ Beat it. beat it. beat it ♪
to call the album
Michael Jackson.
♪ ♪
- Too egocentric.
- ♪ Beat it. beat it. beat it ♪
Louder!
Go straight into funky
and then let that ooze into the
rest of the chorus. You dig?
- Okay. I'll try that.
- ♪ Beat it. beat it. beat it ♪
You're on the cover
of the damn album.
You're singing on every song.
A little more.
Don't kid a kidder now.
♪ ♪
Now that's rock and roll.
That's some Van Halen shit.
- ♪ Beat it. beat it ♪
♪ No one wants to be defeated ♪
♪ Showin' how funky
and strong is your fight ♪
♪ It doesn't matter ♪
♪ Who's wrong or right ♪
- ♪ Just beat it ♪
- ♪ Beat it... ♪
Not you. my Marie Antoinette.
for I will give you
eternal life.
Can we stop a sec?
Cut! Cut!
That was great.
You guys were perfect.
Just keep warm.
Stretch out for a second.
Hey.
Is the camera
supposed to move in there?
Uh. I-I can ask John.
Is there a particular thing
you're looking for? Or...
Yeah. I'm just worried
we're not getting the feet.
You know.
Fred Astaire would always say.
"You've got to get
the whole body."
You know. that's how
the audience feels the dance.
- Right. right.
- Um...
Can you ask John
just to try that?
- Just for one take?
- Yeah. you got it. Yeah.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
So. instead of moving in.
he wants the camera
to move out to see the feet.
All right. we'll-we'll do that.
Okay.
Okay. Michael.
we're gonna pull back.
We're gonna hold you
head to toe. okay?
- Perfect.
- All right.
- Thank you.
- Okay. everybody.
back to first positions. please!
Quiet all around. please.
Lock it up!
- Whoo!
- All right. sound ready.
Camera set!
- Slate.
- Go.
Okay. playback!
And... action!
♪ Hah. hah ♪
♪ 'Cause this is thriller.
thriller night ♪
♪ And no one's gonna save you ♪
♪ From the beast
about to strike ♪
♪ You know it's thriller.
thriller night ♪
♪ You're fighting
for your life ♪
♪ Inside a killer. thriller ♪
♪ Thriller. thriller night ♪
♪ 'Cause I can
thrill you more ♪
♪ Than any ghoul
would ever dare try ♪
- ♪ Thriller ♪
- ♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Thriller night ♪
♪ So let me hold you tight
and share a ♪
- ♪ Killer. thriller. chiller ♪
- ♪ Ow ♪
- ♪ Thriller here tonight ♪
♪ 'Cause this is thriller.
thriller night ♪
♪ Girl. I can thrill you more ♪
♪ Than any ghoul
would ever dare try ♪
- ♪ Thriller ♪
- ♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Thriller night ♪
♪ So let me hold you tight
and share a ♪
♪ Killer. thriller. ow! ♪
♪ ♪
Michael!
What can I say. guys.
except congratulations.
Album's amazing.
Everyone's buying.
Pop charts. R&B charts.
If this kid
did a duet with Reba.
we'd own the goddamn
country charts.
Thanks. Walter.
Thanks so much.
Michael. everyone at the CBS
family is so proud of you.
I'm proud of you. Now...
what can I do for you. my son?
Your wish is my command.
Well. I'm really happy
with the sales of Thriller.
But...
Branca.
We're happy with the sales.
uh. but there's still something
we need to do. promotion-wise.
Hmm.
We need to get
his videos on MTV.
MTV? Ay-ay-ay. Not possible.
The videos are masterpieces.
You haven't even seen
"Thriller" yet.
it's gonna blow your mind.
And they will promote
the record like nothing else.
And if we get into
heavy rotation on MTV.
the sky's the limit.
and you know that.
MTV almost never plays
Black artists.
I don't know why.
Maybe they don't want to scare
the shit out of the white kids
in the suburbs.
Walter. I made this record
for everybody.
White and Black.
We feel like Michael's videos
deserve to be seen.
Michael. let me
tell you something...
I'm a proud Black artist.
Walter.
I will not be shoved
to the back of any bus
by MTV or anyone.
Believe me. John. I have tried.
With love. Walter...
please try harder.
Sally. honey.
can you get me Bob Pittman
over at MTV right now?
And tell that schmuck
to drop everything
and take my call
right the hell now.
- Of course.
- Thank you.
So. Michael.
are you enjoying New York?
- Yeah.
- Listen. I can get you tickets
to Marcel Marceau on Broadway.
front row.
You know what.
better still. second row.
You don't want to be
in the front row for them.
Those French artists.
they're not so big
on showering.
you know what I mean?
It's like Pepé Le Pew.
but without so much talking.
You know. I have a burp coming
'cause I just had Coca-Cola
like an asshole.
Sally!
Bob.
Thank you for taking my call.
Listen...
I need you
to run "Billie Jean" for me.
I know. Uh. I know.
But here's the problem
with that.
I don't give a shit.
I don't give two shits.
I don't even give three shits.
So. you run "Billie Jean"
for me.
and you run it all the time.
Okay. Bob.
let me put it another way.
If you don't play "Billie Jean"
in the next ten minutes.
I'm gonna pull every CBS artist
from your lineup. okay?
Bruce Springsteen. Cheap Trick.
Charlie Daniels. Billy Joel.
Cyndi Lauper. Bob Dylan.
You can put them all
in a plastic bag.
cover the plastic bag in Crisco.
and then shove them up your ass.
Yeah. your butthole.
We are no longer in business.
Michael Jackson's Thriller
has sold 25 million records
and counting.
Michael Jackson is redefining
what it means to be a superstar.
He's single-handedly
revitalized the music business.
With each spin
of "Billie Jean" on the radio.
we are witnessing
the rise of an artist...
Add up the numbers... he is one
of the most popular
entertainers of all time.
and these days.
that means that he's also
a one-man financial empire.
♪ She was more like a beauty
queen from a movie scene ♪
♪ I said. "Don't mind ♪
♪ "But what do you mean
I am the one ♪
♪ Who will dance
on the floor in the round?" ♪
♪ She says I am the one ♪
♪ Who will dance on the floor
in the round ♪
♪ She told me her name
was Billie Jean ♪
♪ As she caused a scene ♪
♪ Then every head
turned with eyes ♪
♪ That dreamed
of being the one ♪
♪ Who will dance on the floor
in the round ♪
♪ People always told me
"Be careful what you do ♪
♪ "And don't go around ♪
♪ Breakin'
young girls' hearts" ♪
♪ Hee-hee ♪
♪ But she came
and stood right by me ♪
♪ Just the smell
of sweet perfume ♪
♪ This happened much too soon.
she called me to her room ♪
♪ Hey-ey-ey ♪
♪ Billie Jean is not
my lover. whoo ♪
♪ She's just a girl
who claims that I am the one ♪
♪ But the kid is not my son ♪
♪ No. no ♪
♪ She says I am the one ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
♪ But the kid is not my son ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ Hee-hee-hee ♪
♪ Hee! ♪
♪ Ooh! ♪
♪ ♪
♪ She says I am the one ♪
♪ But the kid is not my son ♪
Michael! Michael! Michael!
♪ She says I am the one ♪
♪ You know what you did ♪
♪ She says he is my son ♪
♪ Breakin' my heart. babe ♪
♪ She says I am the one ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. Billie Jean is
not my lover. uh ♪
♪ Yeah. Billie Jean
is not my lover. uh ♪
♪ Yeah. Billie Jean is not
my lover. uh ♪
♪ Yeah. Billie Jean
is not my lover ♪
♪ Don't call me. Billie Jean ♪
♪ Billie Jean is not my lover ♪
♪ She stumbled onto the scene ♪
♪ Billie Jean
is not my lover. ♪
Mr. Gordy.
Mr. Gordy. over here.
Where is he?
There he is. There he is.
Come on.
Are you kidding me?
That was brilliant. Michael.
Oh. you shook the world
with that performance.
Oh. my goodness.
I was supposed to stay
on my toes longer.
Michael. I'm so proud of you.
Everyone is talking about it.
Y'all see that
out there tonight?
Y'all see that?
Oh. come on.
y'all did your thang!
That's my son. That's my son.
A regular moneymaking machine.
- Hey. we'll catch you later. Mike.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. bye. Mike.
- It's okay. Mother.
Just couldn't give him
one night. huh?
What?
So. now
let me get this straight. Don.
Ten. 11 or 12?
How many wins do you have?
You. uh...
That's 13 of the current world
champions that I've promoted.
We got 110 fighters
in our stable right now.
But I'm gonna
tell you this. all right?
The big business
that's gonna be booming?
The lightweight class.
I'm gonna take those young
stars all the way to the top.
- Yeah. you are.
- Yeah.
- Life is good. my friend.
- Yes. it is.
Yes. it is.
Those Cubans.
straight from Castro himself.
- All right.
- Yes.
- Yes. yes. yes. yes.
- Oh. yes.
Now...
what did you want
to talk to me about?
Have you thought about getting
into the music business?
- Crossover-type thing?
- I don't follow you.
Well. I'm about to take
- my boys on a world tour.
- Hmm.
You know. we're gonna start
with North America.
- You know. stadiums only.
- Hmm.
You know. the biggest.
It's time to show the world
that the Jacksons are back.
- Right on. Okay.
- And bigger than ever.
You've seen them sales
on Thriller.
- Huh?
- Mm-hmm.
People are gonna be
climbing the walls.
Is Michael gonna be there?
Of course Michael's
gonna be there.
Hmm. That's good to hear.
Now. what's in it for me?
I've been watching you. Don.
- I watch you like a hawk.
- Hmm.
I love the way
you promote your fighters.
- Uh-huh.
- You're the king of marketing.
You know. I just. uh.
I think that you and I.
if we came together.
we could. uh...
we could form
a good partnership.
Me and you?
I'll cut you a good deal.
I like deals.
I need...
this for my boys.
I need it.
You know. I-I think
they deserve the-the...
Rolls-Royce of sponsorships.
I mean. merchandising.
marketing. you hear me?
I mean. it's got to be huge.
And only you and I could do it.
It'll be called...
- the Victory tour.
- Hmm.
I may have something for you.
Pepsi.
They want to get
back in the game.
Michael could be
the face of the brand.
do some commercials.
All right.
- I can see it.
- Yeah.
But you wouldn't be
bullshitting me.
would you. Joe?
'Cause if you
can't get Michael...
Now. that... now. that's
my favorite part.
I'm gonna
leave it to you. Michael.
You can't go yet.
No.
I'm going to bed. I'm tired.
You got to stay for the ending.
That's the best part.
Your mother is tired. baby.
Do me a favor. Make sure
you turn the lights off?
- Night. Mother.
- Good night.
Why are you here?
What? Can't a father
visit his son?
Biggest-selling record
of all time.
from a poor kid from Gary.
Who would have thought?
Me. I thought.
Come here.
Joseph. I know
you want something.
Michael...
I'm gonna need you
to tour with your brothers.
Now. I let you do
that album by yourself.
I'm gonna need you
to do this for me.
For your family.
I'm not a child anymore. Joseph.
- And you're not my manager.
- Here we go.
I have to start
living my own life.
On my own.
Just like everyone else.
You ain't like everyone else.
So. you're trying to tell me
you want to be treated
like an adult?
All right.
You want to
see what the world is like...
without a family
that protects you.
Without a family that...
understands you.
Nobody else will understand you
outside this place.
There you'll be with
all the money in the world.
surrounded by people
who'll say "yes"
to everything.
Is that what you want?
What kind of sense that make?
I'm gonna...
call Don King
and tell him
you're doing the tour.
I know you don't want
to let your family down.
♪ ♪
♪ You're a whole
new generation ♪
♪ You're lovin' what you do ♪
♪ Put a Pepsi in the motion ♪
♪ That choice is up to you.
hey-ey ♪
- Cut! Cut! Cut! Cut!
- ♪ You're the Pepsi... ♪
We're cutting. guys.
All right. here's what I need.
I'm thinking...
I'm gonna move the camera in
while you're up here.
I need to get a close-up
of you at the top.
so just feel the camera
as you come down.
- Okay.
- Okay. great. All right.
Okay. everybody.
Here we go.
What is this?
What do we got. take six?
Lucky six. Lucky six.
Here we go. Energy. everybody!
You love the Jacksons.
You love Pepsi. Let's go!
A marker!
B mark!
C mark.
And playback.
Cut it.
Put it out!
Michael!
What happened?
- Back up. back up. back up.
- Bill. get him out of here.
I'm here. I'm here.
I'm here. Michael.
- Get him up. get him up.
- I'm here. Joker. I'm here.
Hey. you're gonna be okay.
okay? You're gonna be okay.
Come on. Mike. Clear a path!
Out of my way!
Michael. I'm coming!
Get back! Get out of my way!
Clear a path!
Get back! Get back!
Move! Move. please!
Excuse me!
♪ ♪
Hey. Kate. come on.
Hey. I need to talk to you.
- Sir.
- I'm his father. Joseph Jackson.
This is his mother. Katherine.
- Hi. It's good to meet you.
- Very nice to meet you.
Thank you.
Well. your son is
in stable condition.
- All right.
- All right?
And. uh. we're trying to bring
his heart rate down.
but he's in a lot of pain.
Okay. When will he recover?
It's too soon to tell.
It's gonna be
a long road. all right?
He has third-degree burns
and substantial nerve damage.
Okay.
Do you think he'll ever be
able to perform again?
Ever?
Joseph.
Mr. Jackson.
your son almost died.
I know that.
Well. if that fire
had caught his clothes.
or burned over to his face
and eyes. he wouldn't be here.
I know my boy.
And the only thing
that's gonna heal him
is by getting
back on that stage.
That's where he lives.
- I understand that. sir.
- Oh. my God.
- But it's gonna be a while.
- Do you? All right.
Yes. I do. But. Mr. Jackson...
he's gonna need
your support to get there.
I'm sorry.
Praying for you. Michael!
It's unlikely
that will grow back.
You'll need surgery
to laser the scar tissue
and stretch part of the scalp
over the burn.
All right? We'll insert an
implant to protect the scalp.
Will I have to wear a wig?
Well. right there on top.
What kind of wig?
Like. a full wig?
Hard to say.
There are prosthetic
hair weaves we can try.
but we won't know till we see
how the surgery goes next week.
You'll. um...
you'll have to stay
on the Demerol for a while.
I don't want to take medication.
I have to be honest.
Mr. Jackson.
you're gonna need them.
We have to replace
the implant periodically.
The nerves are exposed up there.
You'll be in a lot of pain.
I'll let you rest.
but I'll be back later.
We'll stay here
till you're better. Michael!
You see the number of people
who have already gathered
outside the hospital.
If that isn't a testament
to the star power
of Michael Jackson.
I don't know what is.
Say they won't go back
until Jackson is all right.
All right.
All right. Joker.
Got all your favorites.
Golden Temple...
- they send their love.
- Golden Temple's
- your favorite. Michael.
- Got some Mexican.
Chinese. Some fried chicken.
Even got these
little red candies you like.
Thanks. Bill.
You can just leave it there.
I'm not hungry.
Oh. Okay.
I'll leave you all to it.
- Okay. Thank you. Bill.
- Mm-hmm.
I'm sorry. Michael.
I should have protected you.
Mother. I don't want to
discuss this right now.
Okay.
No one can stop Joseph.
Nobody.
You just know that.
no matter what happens.
I'm gonna be here for you...
always.
I should get
some rest now. Mother.
♪ ♪
It's not your fault.
The world needs you. Michael!
♪ ♪
How are you feeling?
I'm okay.
You know.
I'm still in a lot of pain.
But the doctors say
I'm healing. so...
Well. that's good news.
All these kids here...
they won't fully heal
and there's burns
all over their bodies.
It just breaks my heart.
It truly does.
You know. it got me thinking...
I need to do more for them.
How much are we getting
for the accident?
It should be
around seven figures.
I need every penny donated
to the burn center here.
Please. you got to
make that happen.
Yeah. of course.
I'm getting really sleepy.
These pain meds.
You get some rest
and I'll come
check on you tomorrow.
Okay.
- Did you bring that?
- Oh. the mouse.
Yeah. That's from me.
- I love that.
- Good.
Thank you. Branca.
- I'll see you tomorrow.
- See you.
If that boy doesn't
go on tour...
everything we have falls apart.
I'm talking deals.
sponsorships. our reputation.
Everything.
Everything just gone.
Everything here.
The boys won't be able
to tour anymore.
Not without Michael.
Your son just got out of ICU.
Michael never wanted to do
the Victory tour to begin with.
You planned this entire thing
behind his back.
When are you gonna realize
he's on his own path?
And sometimes. you need
to get out of the way.
Otherwise.
you're gonna lose him.
What about the other boys?
They'll find their own path.
You know something. Bill?
What's that?
God's been very good to me.
That he has.
Not just the accident.
You know. I... I almost died...
but I was given a second chance.
Yeah. well...
God gave you a gift. son.
A platform...
to reach the whole world.
I can't ignore that.
No.
I have to shine my light.
Spread love and joy.
To heal.
Yeah.
That's my destiny.
I truly believe that.
Well. why don't we focus
on getting you healthy first.
then we can do all those
things you need to do.
I'm gonna do the tour.
Are you sure?
For my family.
But then I'm ready. Bill.
I'm gonna look him
straight in the eye.
This is my life.
My path.
Mine.
♪ ♪
Okay. let's go out
there and tear that stage up.
Yeah.
Give the audience
what they deserve.
- Yeah.
- The best show ever.
I told you what to think.
I love you guys.
You ain't like everyone else.
You think you're better
than me. boy?
Love you. too. Mike.
- I really do.
- Love you. too. Mike.
Nobody else will understand you
outside this place.
"The Jacksons" on three. One...
two. three...
Jacksons!
After I give these boys a rest.
I'm planning
an international tour.
With Michael?
Yeah. we're gonna hit
all the big arenas
and stadiums.
This is just the beginning
- of the Victory tour.
- You adding more shows?
Yeah.
we gonna hit every continent.
But. first of all. we're going
to Paris. London. Tokyo.
South Africa. You name it.
we gonna be there.
This is gonna be the biggest
anyone has ever seen.
Shh! Shh! Shh! Shh!
Shh! Shh! Shh!
Shh! Shh!
Shh! Shh! Shh! Shh! Shh! Shh!
♪ Why? ♪
♪ Reaching out ♪
♪ Across the nighttime ♪
♪ The city winks
a sleepless eye ♪
♪ Hear her voice ♪
♪ Shake my window ♪
♪ Sweet seducing sighs ♪
♪ Get me out ♪
♪ Into the nighttime ♪
♪ Four walls won't
hold me tonight ♪
Shh. shh!
♪ If this town
is just an apple ♪
♪ Then let me take a bite ♪
♪ If they say. "Why? Why?" ♪
♪ Tell 'em that
it's human nature ♪
♪ Why? Why? ♪
♪ Does he do me that way? ♪
♪ If they say. "Why? Why?" ♪
♪ Tell 'em that
it's human nature ♪
♪ Why? Why? ♪
♪ Does he do me that way? ♪
♪ Reaching out ♪
♪ To touch a stranger ♪
♪ Electric eyes
are everywhere ♪
Shh. shh!
♪ See that girl ♪
♪ She knows I'm watching ♪
♪ She likes the way I stare ♪
♪ If they say ♪
♪ "Why? Why?" ♪
♪ Tell 'em that
it's human nature ♪
♪ Why? Why? ♪
♪ Does he do me that way? ♪
♪ If they say. "Why? Why?" ♪
♪ Tell 'em that
it's human nature ♪
♪ Why? Why? ♪
♪ Does he do me that way? ♪
♪ I like living this way ♪
♪ I like loving this way ♪
♪ That way! ♪
♪ Oh. why? ♪
♪ That way! Oh. why? ♪
♪ Reaching out ♪
Shh! Shh!
♪ Into the nighttime ♪
♪ I'm dreaming of the street ♪
Everybody sing.
♪ If they say ♪
♪ "Why? Why?" ♪
♪ Tell 'em that
it's human nature ♪
♪ Why? Why? ♪
♪ Does he do me that way? ♪
Everybody!
♪ Why? Why? ♪
♪ Tell 'em that
it's human nature ♪
♪ Why? Why? ♪
♪ Does he do me that way? ♪
♪ If they say.
"Why? Why? Why? Why?" ♪
♪ Ooh. tell them ♪
♪ Why ♪
♪ Does he do me that way? ♪
♪ If they say.
"Why? Why? Why? Why?" ♪
♪ Ooh. tell them ♪
♪ Hey!
Does he do me that way? ♪
♪ I like living this way ♪
♪ That way! Oh. why? ♪
We love you. Michael!
- Good job. everybody.
- Yeah!
Did you see that?
Did you hear them?
Man. I'm feeling great.
I'm feeling great.
How you feeling?
- Right. Tito?
- You're right.
- It's time. y'all.
- Have fun.
- Come on. Jacksons.
- One more!
- You hear that crowd?
- That's right. -Here we go.
How you feeling. L.A.?
How you doing out there?
Let's make a piece
of history. y'all!
♪ ♪
♪ Ooh. ah! ♪
♪ Ooh. my honey ♪
♪ You got me workin'
day and night. ah. ah ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ But what is love. girl ♪
♪ If I'm always out of sight? ♪
♪ Whoo! That's why ♪
♪ You got me workin'
day and night ♪
♪ And I'll be workin' ♪
♪ From sunup to midnight ♪
♪ You got me workin'.
workin' day and night ♪
♪ Hold on ♪
♪ You got me workin'.
workin' day and night ♪
♪ I'm getting tired ♪
♪ You got me workin'.
workin' day and night ♪
♪ Hold on. Mama ♪
♪ You got me workin'.
workin' day and night ♪
♪ Ooh. ah! ♪
I'd like to say thank you
for six terrific nights
here at Dodger Stadium.
Also want to thank
the entire band.
They've been incredible.
And most of all...
I want to thank my brothers...
and you fans.
♪ ♪
Bring it down. Bring it down.
Bring down the music.
Bring it.
Listen up.
I'd like to say...
this is our last and final tour.
That this is our farewell tour!
Michael! Michael! Michael!
You've all been wonderful.
It's been a long 20 years.
Michael! Michael! Michael!
And we love you all.
♪ Whoo! And that's why ♪
♪ You got me workin'
day and night ♪
♪ And I'll be workin' ♪
♪ From sunup to midnight ♪
♪ You got me workin'.
workin' day and night ♪
♪ Hold on ♪
♪ You got me workin'.
workin' day and night ♪
♪ I'm so tired ♪
♪ You got me workin'.
workin' day and night ♪
♪ Hold on. Mama ♪
♪ You got me workin'.
workin' day and night ♪
♪ Ooh. ah! ♪
♪ ♪
Good night! I love you!
We love you!
♪ ♪
We love you. Los Angeles!
You guys are beautiful!
♪ ♪
Good night. L.A.!
Thank you!
Michael!
Why the hell did you say that?
What'd you say?
You said we're done?
We're not done
till I say we're done.
Michael! Let's talk about this!
- Hey. Joe.
- I'm still your father!
It's over.
Michael! Michael! Michael!
Michael!
♪ ♪
♪ Your butt is mine ♪
♪ Gon' tell you right. ah ♪
♪ Just show your face
in broad daylight. ah ♪
♪ I'm telling you
on how I feel. ah ♪
♪ Gonna hurt your mind ♪
♪ Don't shoot to kill ♪
♪ Shamone. shamone ♪
♪ Lay it on me. ah ♪
♪ All right ♪
♪ I'm givin' you
on count of three. ah ♪
♪ To show your stuff
or let it be. ah ♪
♪ I'm tellin' you ♪
♪ Just watch your mouth. ah ♪
♪ I know your game ♪
♪ What you're about. ah ♪
♪ Well. they say
the sky's the limit ♪
♪ And to me
that's really true. ah ♪
♪ But my friend.
you have seen nothing ♪
♪ Just wait till I get through
because I'm bad ♪
♪ I'm bad. shamone ♪
- ♪ Bad. bad ♪
- ♪ Really. really bad ♪
♪ Yeah. you know I'm bad ♪
- ♪ I'm bad ♪
- ♪ Bad. bad ♪
- ♪ You know it ♪
- ♪ Really. really bad ♪
- ♪ You know I'm bad. I'm bad ♪
- ♪ Bad. bad ♪
- ♪ Shamone. you know ♪
- ♪ Really. really bad ♪
♪ And the whole world
has to answer right now ♪
♪ Just to tell you once again
who's bad? ♪
♪ The word is out ♪
♪ You're doing it wrong ♪
♪ Gon' lock you up
before too long ♪
♪ Your lyin' eyes
gon' tell you right. ah ♪
♪ So listen up ♪
♪ Don't make a fight. ah ♪
♪ Your talk is cheap ♪
♪ You're not a man. ah ♪
♪ You're throwin' stones
to hide your hands ♪
♪ Well. they say
the sky's the limit ♪
♪ And to me
that's really true. ah ♪
♪ But my friend.
you have seen nothing ♪
♪ Just wait till I get through
because I'm bad ♪
♪ I'm bad. shamone ♪
- ♪ Bad. bad ♪
- ♪ Really. really bad ♪
♪ Yeah. you know I'm bad ♪
- ♪ I'm bad ♪
- ♪ Bad. bad ♪
- ♪ You know it ♪
- ♪ Really. really bad ♪
- ♪ You know I'm bad. I'm bad ♪
- ♪ Bad. bad ♪
- ♪ You know it. you know ♪
- ♪ Really. really bad ♪
♪ And the whole world
has to answer right now ♪
♪ Just to tell you once again
who's bad? ♪
♪ Ow! ♪
♪ Whoo! ♪
♪ We can change
the world tomorrow ♪
♪ This could
be a better place ♪
♪ If you don't like
what I'm sayin' ♪
♪ Then won't you
slap my face? ♪
♪ Because I'm bad ♪
♪ I'm bad. shamone ♪
- ♪ Bad. bad ♪
- ♪ Really. really bad ♪
♪ Yeah. you know I'm bad ♪
- ♪ I'm bad ♪
- ♪ Bad. bad ♪
- ♪ You know it ♪
- ♪ Really. really bad ♪
♪ Yeah. you know I'm bad ♪
- ♪ I'm bad ♪
- ♪ Bad. bad ♪
- ♪ You know it. you know ♪
- ♪ Really. really bad ♪
♪ And the whole world
has to answer right now ♪
♪ Just to tell you once again ♪
♪ Yeah. you know I'm bad ♪
- ♪ I'm bad ♪
- ♪ Bad. bad ♪
- ♪ Shamone ♪
- ♪ Really. really bad ♪
♪ You know I'm bad. I'm bad ♪
♪ Really. really bad ♪
- ♪ You know. you know ♪
- ♪ Bad. bad ♪
- ♪ You know. come on ♪
- ♪ Really. really bad ♪
♪ And the whole world
has to answer right now ♪
♪ Just to tell you once again ♪
- ♪ You know I'm bad ♪
- ♪ Bad. bad ♪
♪ Really. really bad ♪
♪ Bad. bad ♪
- ♪ You know. you know ♪
- ♪ Bad. bad ♪
♪ Really. really bad ♪
♪ And the whole world
has to answer right now ♪
♪ Oh! ♪
♪ Just to tell you once again ♪
♪ Who's bad? ♪
All right.
♪ Oh! ♪
♪ Whoo! ♪
♪ When I had you to myself ♪
♪ I didn't want you around ♪
♪ Those pretty faces
always made you ♪
♪ Stand out in a crowd ♪
♪ But someone picked you
from the bunch ♪
♪ One glance was all it took ♪
♪ Now it's much
too late for me ♪
♪ To take a second look ♪
♪ Oh. baby.
give me one more chance ♪
♪ To show you that I love you ♪
♪ Won't you please let me ♪
♪ Back in your heart? ♪
♪ Oh. darlin'.
I was blind to let you go ♪
♪ To let you go. baby ♪
♪ But now since I see you ♪
♪ I want you back ♪
- ♪ Yes. I do now ♪
- ♪ I want you back ♪
- ♪ Ooh. ooh. baby ♪
- ♪ A. B. C ♪
Everybody clap your hands!
Come on! Whoo!
♪ One. two. three ♪
♪ Do-re-mi. A. B. C ♪
♪ That's how easy love
can be. ♪
♪ You and I must make a pact ♪
♪ We must
bring salvation back ♪
♪ Where there is love ♪
- ♪ I'll be there ♪
♪ I'll reach out
my hand to you ♪
♪ I'll have faith
in all you do ♪
- ♪ Just call my name ♪
- ♪ And I'll be there ♪
- ♪ I'll be there ♪
♪ Don't you know. baby.
yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I'll be there ♪
Everybody sing!
♪ Just call my name ♪
- ♪ I'll be there ♪
♪ Just look over
your shoulders. honey ♪
♪ I'll be there ♪
- ♪ Everybody sing. yeah ♪
- ♪ Oh. sing it. baby ♪
♪ I'll be there ♪
♪ Just call my name ♪
♪ And I'll... ♪
♪ Be there. ♪
♪ Ow! ♪
♪ Live in sin ♪
♪ Ten years ago on this day.
my heart was yearnin' ♪
♪ I promised I would
never ever be returning ♪
♪ Where my baby broke my heart
and left me yearnin' ♪
♪ Hee! ♪
♪ As we walked into the room.
there were faces ♪
♪ Starin'. glarin'.
tearin' through me ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Ch-ch-doo-doo
ch-ch-doo-doo ♪
♪ Someone said.
"Welcome to your doom" ♪
♪ Then they smiled with eyes ♪
♪ That looked
as if they knew me ♪
- ♪ Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
- ♪ This is scarin' me ♪
♪ Ch-ch-doo-doo.
ch-ch-doo-doo ♪
♪ We walked up the stairs
still concealin' gloom ♪
♪ There were two girls
sittin' in my room ♪
♪ She walked up to my face.
said. "This is the place" ♪
♪ You said. "Meet you
right here at noon" ♪
♪ This is Heartbreak Hotel ♪
Everybody!
♪ Heartbreak Hotel ♪
♪ Welcome to Heartbreak Hotel ♪
♪ This place is
Heartbreak Hotel ♪
♪ Hope is dead ♪
♪ She thought that I had
cheated for another lover ♪
♪ I turn my back to see
that I am undercover ♪
♪ Now I can't convince
this girl there ain't no other ♪
♪ Hee! ♪
♪ Someone's evil
to hurt my soul ♪
♪ Every smile's a trial ♪
♪ Thought in beguile
to hurt me ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Ch-ch-doo-doo.
ch-ch-doo-doo ♪
♪ Then the man
next door had told ♪
♪ "She's been here in tears
for 15 years" ♪
♪ This is scarin' me ♪
♪ Whoo! ♪
♪ We came to this place.
where the vicious dwell ♪
♪ Found that wicked women
run this strange hotel ♪
♪ There was Sefra and Sue.
every girl that I knew ♪
♪ And my baby said.
"Love is through" ♪
- ♪ Uh! ♪
- ♪ This is Heartbreak Hotel ♪
Everybody!
♪ Heartbreak Hotel ♪
♪ So evil. Heartbreak Hotel ♪
♪ This place is
Heartbreak Hotel ♪
- ♪ Someone stabbed my heart ♪
- ♪ Heartbreak Hotel ♪
♪ This is Heartbreak Hotel ♪
- ♪ Whoo! ♪
- ♪ Ten years ago today ♪
- ♪ Heartbreak Hotel ♪
♪ This is Heartbreak Hotel ♪
- ♪ Whoo! ♪
♪ You know I was.
I was wondering ♪
♪ You know. if ♪
♪ If you could keep on ♪
♪ Because the force
has got a lot of power ♪
♪ And it. it makes me
feel like ♪
♪ It makes me feel like ♪
♪ Ooh! ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
♪ Keep on with the force ♪
♪ Heartbreak ♪
♪ Enemy despise ♪
♪ Eternal ♪
♪ Love shines in my eyes. ooh ♪
♪ So let love ♪
♪ Take us through the hours ♪
♪ I won't be complainin' ♪
♪ Ooh! ♪
♪ 'Cause your love is
all right. all right. ooh ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Ooh! ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
♪ Keep on with the force ♪
♪ Heartbreak ♪
♪ Enemy despise ♪
♪ Eternal ♪
♪ Love shines in my eyes. ooh ♪
♪ So let love ♪
♪ Take us through the hours ♪
♪ I won't be complainin' ♪
♪ Ooh! ♪
♪ 'Cause your love is
all right. all right. ooh ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Lovely ♪
♪ Is the feelin' now ♪
♪ I won't be complainin' ♪
♪ Ooh! ♪
♪ The force is love power ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't. baby ♪
♪ Keep on with the force.
don't stop ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on. darlin' ♪
♪ Don't stop
till you get enough ♪
♪ Keep on ♪